[docs][yugabyted] Updating yugabyted reference page (#24425)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/reference/configuration/yugabyted.md

./bin/yugabyted configure point_in_time_recovery --status
```

##### point_in_time_recovery flags

-h | --help
: Print the command-line help and exit.

--database *database*
: Name of the YSQL database for which point-in-time recovery is to be configured.

--keyspace *keyspace*
: Name of the YCQL keyspace for which point-in-time recovery is to be configured.

--enable
: Enable point-in-time recovery for a database or keyspace. There is no need to set a value for the flag. Use `--enable` or `--disable` flag to toggle PITR on a YugabyteDB database or keyspace.

--disable
: Disable point-in-time recovery for a database or keyspace.. There is no need to set a value for the flag. Use `--enable` or `--disable` flag to toggle PITR on a YugabyteDB database or keyspace.

--retention *retention-period*

> : Specify the retention period for the snapshots, after which they will be automatically deleted, from the time they were created.

Author: Days

--status
: Display point-in-time recovery status for a YugabyteDB cluster.

> --data_dir *data-directory*

Author: Yes, `data_dir` is a hidden flag now for all the commands. It is documented as part of additional flags in start command. Removing from here also.

: Yugabyted configuration file path. Refer to [Advanced flags](#advanced-flags).

--base_dir *base-directory*

> : The directory where yugabyted stores data, configurations, and logs. Must be an absolute path. By default base directory is `$HOME/var`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: The directory where yugabyted stores data, configurations, and logs. Must be an absolute path. By default, base directory is `$HOME/var`.
```

: Yugabyted configuration file path. Refer to [Advanced flags](#advanced-flags).

--base_dir *base-directory*

> : The directory where yugabyted stores data, configurations, and logs. Must be an absolute path. By default base directory is `$HOME/var`.

Reviewer: By default,

--base_dir *base-directory*

> : The directory where yugabyted stores data, configurations, and logs. Must be an absolute path.

Reviewer: What is the default?

Author: `$HOME/var`. Added the change

--callhome *bool*
: Enable or disable the *call home* feature that sends analytics data to Yugabyte. Default: `true`.

--data_dir *data-directory*
: The directory where yugabyted stores data. Must be an absolute path. Can be configured to a directory different from the one where configurations and logs are stored. By default, data directory is `<base_dir>/data`.

--log_dir *log-directory*
: The directory to store yugabyted logs. Must be an absolute path. This flag controls where the logs of the YugabyteDB nodes are stored. By default, logs are written to `<base_dir>/logs`.

--certs_dir *certs-directory*

> : The path to the directory which has the certificates to be used for secure deployment. Must be an absolute path. Default path is `~/<base_dir>/certs`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: The path to the directory which has the certificates to be used for secure deployment. Must be an absolute path. Default path is `<base_dir>/certs`.
```

--callhome *bool*
: Enable or disable the *call home* feature that sends analytics data to Yugabyte. Default: `true`.

--data_dir *data-directory*

> : The directory where yugabyted stores data. Must be an absolute path. Can be configured to a directory different from the one where configurations and logs are stored.

Reviewer: what is the default?

Author: `<base_dir>/data`

-h | --help
: Print the command-line help and exit.

--base_dir *base-directory*
: The base directory for the yugabyted server.

--databases *xcluster-databases*
: Comma separated list of databases to be added to existing replication.

--replication_id *xcluster-replication-id*
: Replication ID of the xCluster replication that you are adding databases to.

#### set_up

Use the sub-command `yugabyted xcluster set_up` to set up xCluster replication between two clusters. Run this command from the source cluster of the replication.

For example, to set up xCluster replication between two clusters, run the following command from a node on the source cluster:

```sh
./bin/yugabyted xcluster set_up \
    --target_address <ip_of_any_target_cluster_node> \
    --replication_id <replication_id> \
    --bootstrap_done
```

##### set_up flags

-h | --help
: Print the command-line help and exit.

--base_dir *base-directory*
: The base directory for the yugabyted server.

--target_address *xcluster-target-address*
: IP address of a node in the target cluster.

--replication_id *xcluster-replication-id*
: The replication ID of the xCluster replication to be set up.

> --bootstrap_done *xcluster-bootstrap-done*

Reviewer: what is *xcluster-bootstrap-done*? @gargsans-yb

--replication_id *xcluster-replication-id*
: The replication ID of the xCluster replication to be set up.

--bootstrap_done
: Indicates that you have completed [bootstrapping](#bootstrap-databases-for-xcluster) of databases.

> : Using this flag means the complete DB schema, objects and data (if any) has been copied from source to target. Any changes made to source after `yugabyted xcluster set_up` command will be reflected on the target.

Reviewer: : Using this flag indicates that the complete database schema, objects, and data (if any) have been copied from source to target. Any changes made to source after `yugabyted xcluster add_to_replication` command will be reflected on the target.

: IP address of a node in the target cluster.

--replication_id *xcluster-replication-id*
: Replication ID of the xCluster replication that you are adding databases to.

--databases *xcluster-databases*
: Comma separated list of databases to be added to existing replication.

--bootstrap_done
: Indicates that you have completed [bootstrapping](#bootstrap-databases-for-xcluster) of databases.

> : Using this flag means the complete DB schema, objects and data (if any) has been copied from source to target. Any changes made to source after `yugabyted xcluster add_to_replication` command will be reflected on the target.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Using this flag indicates that the complete database schema, objects, and data (if any) have been copied from source to target. Any changes made to source after `yugabyted xcluster add_to_replication` command will be reflected on the target.
```

--target_address *xcluster-target-address*
: IP address of a node in the target cluster.
: If the target is not available, the output of `yugabyted xcluster delete_replication` will include the command that you will need to run on the target cluster (after bringing it back up) to remove the replication from the target.

--replication_id *xcluster-replication-id*
: The replication ID of the xCluster replication to delete.

#### remove_database_from_replication

Use the sub-command `yugabyted xcluster remove_database_from_replication` to remove database(s) from existing xCluster replication. Run this command from the source cluster.

For example, remove a database from an xCluster replication using the following command:

```sh
./bin/yugabyted xcluster remove_database_from_replication \

>     --databases <comma_seperated_database_names> \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    --databases <comma_separated_database_names> \
```

    --replication_id <replication_id> \
    --target_address <ip_of_any_target_cluster_node>
```

##### remove_database_from_replication flags

-h | --help
: Print the command-line help and exit.

--base_dir *base-directory*
: The base directory for the yugabyted server.

--target_address *xcluster-target-address*
: IP address of a node in the target cluster.

--replication_id *xcluster-replication-id*

> : Replication ID of the xcluster replication from which database(s) is to be removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Replication ID of the xCluster replication that you are deleting databases from.
```
